Restructure of TLS Context (#46)
mulesoft/docs-anypoint-security: modules/ROOT/pages/asm-secret-type-support-reference.adoc

| Secret Type | Description
| Shared Secret
| This security object contains a username and password or a base64-encoded symmetric key. +

> The shared secret is used for symmetric encryption and decryption, where the secret is known by both the message sender and the message recipient. The sender uses the key to encrypt and sign the message. The recipient uses the key to decrypt the message and verify a message’s digital signature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The shared secret is used for symmetric encryption and decryption in situations in which the secret is known by both the message sender and the message recipient. The sender uses the key to encrypt and sign the message. The recipient uses the key to decrypt the message and verify a message’s digital signature.
```

> The secrets manager allows an administrator to define either a static username and password combination, a static symmetric key, S3 bucket, or blobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The secrets manager enables an administrator to define one of a static username and password combination, a static symmetric key, an S3 bucket, or blobs.
```

Secrets Manager supports PEM and JKS certificates.
|===

> == Secret Types Used in TLS and SSL Communication

Reviewer 2: On an overall basis, this procedure is missing necessary steps. 
1) Create a Secret Group.
2) Create a Keystore.
3) Create a CA Path in the Keystore (the user of the procedure is a security professional)
4) Create the truststore for the Client Authentication procedure.

Not sure why getting Access comes last and not first but maybe the order is correct since this is a github review.

Author: @clies212 This is not a procedure. This whole file is reference only. No steps.

| Truststore
| A truststore is a repository of security certificates from other parties with which you expect to communicate, or from Certificate Authorities that you trust to identify other parties. +

> The secrets manager truststore accepts the following standard format inputs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The secrets manager truststore accepts the following standard-format inputs:
```
...unless you mean...:
```suggestion
The secrets manager truststore accepts the following standard input formats:
```

Reviewer: Yeah...I think you mean the latter.

| Certificate Pinset
| A Certificate Pinset is a repository of security certificates from other parties that associate a client or host with their expected X.509 certificate or public key. These security certificate identities are then "pinned" to clients or hosts. +

> This repository or "Pin Set" acts as a white list of certificates that can be used, for example, to identify clients in a SSL/TLS connection. The secrets manager will accept a concatenated list of PEM certificates as input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository or "Pin Set" acts as a white list of certificates that can be used, for example, to identify clients in a SSL/TLS connection. The secrets manager accepts a concatenated list of PEM certificates as input.
```

| TLS Context
| This security object defines all SSL critical security parameters.
|===

[[tls_support_rtf]]
== TLS Support on Anypoint Runtime Fabric

OpenSSL 1.1.1 and TLS 1.3 provide the following security enhancements and performance improvements over TLS 1.2:

> * 2x or greater TLS 1.2 connection performance throughput boost versus prior Runtime Fabric internal load balancer running on OpenSSL 1.0.2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 2x or greater TLS 1.2 connection performance throughput boost over an earlier Runtime Fabric internal load balancer running on OpenSSL 1.0.2
```

> * Reduction of one round trip in full handshake for TLS 1.3 vs. TLS 1.2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Reduction of one round trip in a full handshake for TLS 1.3 vs. TLS 1.2
```

* Added TLS 1.2 and TLS 1.3 ChaCha20-Poly1305 ciphers for better mobile and IoT device support
* TLS 1.3 protection against downgrade attacks
* Continued support for both RSA and ECDSA keys

> * TLS 1.3 removes obsolete and insecure features from TLS 1.2 and TLS 1.1. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removal of obsolete and insecure features from TLS 1.2 and TLS 1.1. +
```
